All questions: We got our data from this website https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/anoopjohny/meteorite-landings was the website that provided us with our meteor data. This meteor data has been gathered by the work of NASA and its collaborators. The meteor data has been verified by scientists at NASA. They worked to ensure that the meteor samples were valid and not fake meteor samples. Then we got our second data frame from a friend at UW. They used a CSV file of the continents, and it contained their geo-location within the file. They gathered this data on their own as this was an assignment for their RSO project. But my friend does not remember how he gathered this data or who he got it from. So, this has an unknown original data collector.
Question 2: The meteorDataWithCounts data frame contains 8 variables. Year represents the year the meteor was spotted or found. The name is for the name of the meteor. fall determines if a meteor was seen in the sky or found in the ground. Lat represents the latitude of the meteor. Long represents the longitude of the meteor. The continent represents the continent the meteor was found or seen from. Meteor count represents the count meteor count for each continent. Population represents the number of people on the continent. There were 7315 missing or invalid entries for this data set. There should be no missing continent data, but we have an unknown option if the coordinates do not match any continent. This could be meteors over the ocean, but our data set doesn't have any currently. Furthermore, we filtered out any missing long/lat coordinates before our final data set to ensure each meteor has a location. Someone should be able to use this data frame to determine where the best spot is to find meteors and how likely one is to see a meteor. The best way to filter by Unknown is that give the meteors that fell outside of a continent bound.
Question 1: The Meteorites data frame has two variables year and impacts. Year is the year that a meteor has been observed on Earth. While impact is the number of impacts or observations seen that year. We are displaying the first 5 rows of data. But there are 253 rows of data which means we have 253 years of observations. There are 16 missing or invalid meteor data entries.
Question 3: found_metorites represents all meteors found in North America on the ground. fell_meteorites represent all falling meteors in North America. The two data frames share the same amount of variables. They had a name which represents the name of the meteor. ID represents a numeric ID of the meteor. nameType represents if the meteor finding is genuine. recclass provides information about the meteor’s composition. Mass (g) gives the mass of the meteor in grams. fall/found changes between those two data frames. Fall represents a meteor that was falling in the sky. Found means a meteor was found on Earth. reclat gives the latitude of the sighting. reclong gives the longitude of the sighting. For the found_meteorites there were 1646 rows which means there were 1646 entries. For fell_meteorites there were 184 sightings in North America. There were 9 columns for each variable. The found_meteorites data set has 13 invalid entries. The data missing variables for all entries are mass (g) and year. The fell_meteorites data set has only 1 invalid entry. This entry is missing the mass(g). This case is especially odd since it's the only falling meteor without this data. There could be various reasons as to why the meteor could've been tampered with or lost.
